XRDCAT-5 Install Configuration Client with Catalog Lister (#10)
nordic-institute/x-road-catalog: doc/xroad_catalog_installation_guide.md

sudo rpm --import https://artifactory.niis.org/api/gpg/key/public
```

## 2.4 Installation

The installable software consists of `xroad-catalog-collector` and `xroad-catalog-lister` modules. Both are provided
as RPM packages.

```bash
sudo yum install xroad-catalog-lister xroad-catalog-collector
```

Or alternatively:

```bash
rpm -i install xroad-catalog-lister xroad-catalog-collector

> ```

Reviewer: Why do we provide an alternative method here? It might be a bit confusing since we don't for the other cases, e.g. when installing `yum-utils` a bit earlier in this document. I would maybe leave this out of the document or then explain when the alternative should be used if it is required in certain cases.

Author: I removed the alternative way.

Instructions on how to build the RPM packages using Docker can be found [here](../BUILD.md).

## 2.4.1 Complete the Installation of X-Road Configuration Client

> **Note:** The configuration steps described in section 2.4.1 are needed only if the X-Road Catalog Lister is not installed on the

Reviewer: I would change this line in the following way since otherwise it might be overlooked if the numbering changes in the future and cause confusion.

```suggestion
**Note:** The configuration steps described in this section are needed only if the X-Road Catalog Lister is not installed on the
```
